Lao Guan
Is Du Yuanhua ready? It's been ready for a long time
Your eyes.
That's my cousin who said hello to you earlier.
Is he available today?
Of course I said hello long ago
Join now
Miss Ji, please
Could it be that
He really let Ruxin enter the neutral group
I've been wrong about him all this time. Impossible
What is the identity of Shen Rong, that trash?
Also worthy of being Guan Jucai
Then he's in now.
Or did Guan Jucai personally greet his comrades? How to explain?
What are you doing standing here tomorrow?
Dad is right
Just closed the lottery
Meet Shen Rong at the door in person
What the hell is going on?
All day yesterday
I brought someone to visit the Guan family villa
Guan Jucai is mostly to give face to his in-laws
Oh, right.
The new job thing you mentioned
Set up Jiang
The lady can come anytime
Hey, do I still have something to deal with?
You should hurry back too, okay dad